The remote screen feature allows 
you to view the host's screen as if it 
were your own. You can move around their 
mouse from your own screen by having the 'Mouse' 
button clicked - this is located towards the top of the window. 
If you want to have the ability to use your keyboard on the server - 
for example modifying what they could be typing into the URL bar at any given time - 
press the keyboard button. This is placed next to the mouse button on the top panel 
of the screen. Next to the mouse button, you will notice a drop down box called 'Delay'. 
This drop down box allows you to set the time between each time that the screen refreshes 
itself. Next to this there is a drop down box labelled 'Quality'. This is fairly self 
explanatory, it will allow you to adjust the quality at which the host's screen will be 
displayed on the window. A lower quality is recommended for 
slower/limited internet connections. As you continue to move to the right 
along the top panel, there will be a checkbox labelled 'Progress'. Clicking this will allow you to see how 
much the host's screen has rendered for you at any given point. On the far left, there are 4 icons, and a save button. 
The save button will take a snapshot of what is currently 
being displayed inside of the Window, and will keep 
it for instant access when needed in a folder of your choice. 
The play button will begin rendering the host's screen, and the pause button will temporarily stop rendering 
the screen and will freeze on whatever has been loaded at that point. The red circle - or record button - will allow you to record the 
host's screen for any amount of time; the footage recorded can then be viewed whenever needed. If you right click the server on the RAT's 
homescreen, and navigate to quick open, then remote screen, another window will open on top of the standard Remote Screen window. 
This allows you, if the server is running on a computer with multiple monitors, to select any of the screens rather than just the monitor 
labelled as 1 by Windows. This Window will also allow you to change the quality of the render, and the interval between loading times like 
on the main Remote Screen window, too.